As Henry Ford once said, "Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently."
Kenneth Boudling rightly said, "Nothing fails like success because we don't learn from it. We learn only from failure."
And Robert Schuller once said, "Failure doesn't mean you are a failure . . . it just means you haven't succeeded yet."
“The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.” —Sven Goran Eriksson
"Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing." —Denis Waitley
"When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal." —Napoleon Hill
"The wisest person is not the one who has the fewest failures but the one who turns failures to best account." —Richard R. Grant
"People in their handlings of affairs often fail when they are about to succeed. If one remains as careful at the end as he was at the beginning, there will be no failure." —Lao-Tzu
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." —Colin Powell
"Success and failure. We think of them as opposites, but they are really not. There are companions. the hero and the sidekick." —Laurence Shames
"There are no failures - just experiences and your reactions to them." —Tom Krause
"Success builds character, failure reveals it."
"Try to fail, but don't fail to try."
"I didn't fail the test, I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.” —Benjamin Franklin
"Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm." —Sir Winston Churchill
"If you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another chance for you. What we call failure is not the falling down, but the staying down." —Mary Pickford
"I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." —Michael Jordan
"Our greatest glory is not in ever failing, but in rising every time we fail." —Confucius
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody."
"Don't be discouraged by a failure. It can be a positive experience. Failure is, in a sense, the highway to success, in as much as every discovery of what is false leads us to seek earnestly after what is true, and every fresh experience points out some form of error which we shall after wards carefully avoid." —John Keats
"Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure."
